#### Present: Andrea Valassi, Ben Morgan, Pere Mato, Benedikt Hegner, Liz Sexton-Kennedy, Michel Jouvin, Pete Elmer, John Harvey, David Lange, Frank Gaede, Markus Schulz

## News, general matters

-   Using GoogleDoc to take the notes in a collaborative manner. Michel
    > suggests to export the GoogleDoc to docx and then convert the docx
    > to Markdown with pandoc. He will demonstrate it with this meeting
    > notes!

-   Ben: UK HEP community meeting. One of the topics is ‘software’. Ask
    > somebody from HFS to give a presentation.

-   Andrea: Following up the StackExchange idea. LHCb has its own
    > instance (sort of Stack Exchange), ask ROOT,... Room
    > for discussion.

## Current Topics

### Newsletter for LAL workshop

-   Draft from Michel:
    > (PR)\[[*https://github.com/HEP-SF/hep-sf.github.io/pull/43/files*](https://github.com/HEP-SF/hep-sf.github.io/pull/43/files)\]

-   Contributions from Benedikt. One controversial issue. It is the
    > second or the third? John: the first one was at CERN. We need to
    > just to agree.

-   One pending issue: what is the role of the software technology
    > forum? Will it cover the performance issues? Software Technology
    > Forum

-   **By Tomorrow noon we will issue the newsletter**: comment in the
    > pull request if there is anything you’d like to improve. Or to say
    > that you read it and that it is fine with you! (avoid emails).

### Workshop live notes

-   Draft with final version of GoogleDoc at
    > [*https://github.com/HEP-SF/hep-sf.github.io/pull/40/files*](https://github.com/HEP-SF/hep-sf.github.io/pull/40/files)

-   To publish the final notes at the same time as the newsletter.
    > Several modifications went in the GoogleDoc after emails to
    > workshop participants (we do not know the author but several
    > persons told Michel they will review the notes).

-   Remove update rights on the GoogleDocs.

### Presentation for LHCC pre-meeting - 25.05.2016

-   \[Draft by
    > Benedikt\]([*https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1E39uVohq3QyECfJFdffkrdkCUqB99ZgQ8ltxa91XEe8/edit?usp=sharing*](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1E39uVohq3QyECfJFdffkrdkCUqB99ZgQ8ltxa91XEe8/edit?usp=sharing))

-   The referee pre-meeting next week. Benedikt represents the AA of
    > WLCG at the meeting. Asked to give an update of HSF and status
    > of GeantV.

-   John: the reason AA was re-instated on request by the
    > experiment’s representatives.

-   Pete: this time is fine. What we want for later meetings?

-   John: It is legitimate that we ask how the LHCC committee would like
    > to follow the HSF activities. A dialog is needed. We need to
    > discuss to F. Forti. Perhaps a few members of the startup team
    > should participate to the initial discussions. They may need to
    > define the scope.

-   Michel supports the idea.

-   John: seeking the endorsement of the new management of CERN is
    > needed since is new.

-   Pete: engage by the process and roadmap that we have been
    > discussing (CWP). Bootstrapping this recognition process.

-   Frank: what about the other projects beyond LHC? LHCC should be one
    > example but not the unique one. Seek endorsement by other bodies
    > (not too many :-)). And only endorsement: this will allow to
    > liaise with different bodies without the risk of appearing
    > dedicated to one set of experiments or a subset of the community.

-   John: we need to have a clear messages before talking to
    > different bodies.

-   Need to rediscuss this topic in more details in a few weeks after
    > thinking a little bit more to the details on how to proceed and
    > may be identifying other bodies that may be relevant to HSF (in
    > particular computing-related ones).

## Activity updates

### Packaging

-   On going active discussion between Benedikt and Patrick. Very
    > positive collaboration.

-   Should come up soon with a set of agreed requirements.

### Projects

-   Michel: asking people to register projects. Future
    > conditions database. …

-   Need to follow up with Michel Sokolov about the projects he
    > mentioned a the workshop.

### Training

-   We received an offer to place C++ training material on WikiToLearn
    > from a member of IceCube: they are considering to possibility of
    > using the W2L platform also for their bootcamp. This is
    > encouraging news, meaning that we are slowly finding contributors
    > in the field of our interest. This, besides, gives Riccardo the
    > opportunity of using them as guinea pigs for the new tools made
    > available to the contributors.

TN

-   Michel encouraging a colleague who has been the architect and
    > developer of Auger data transfer infrastructure to summarize and
    > share his experience and the lessons learnt a as a TN

## AOB

-   Check the writing rights of Startup Team documents after
    > the meeting.


